for years heck for decades if you wanted
to recommend a good small car to
somebody you always said something like
Honda Civic Toyota Corolla something
like that made in Japan you never really
acknowledged that there were small cars
made in America anybody remember the
Dodge Omni okay that was ancient history
now we have the chevy cruze eco the
styling on this particular model is
pretty much the same as the other eco
models there are a couple of aerodynamic
changes to get it better
drag characteristics as it goes through
the atmosphere gets it 42 miles per
gallon on the highway which is
exceptional it's like a hybrid without
having to be a hybrid and without having
to pay the hybrid prices the Cruze comes
in two engine configurations the base
model is a 1.8 but the one that's in all
the other ones and the one you probably
want is a 1.4 turbo engine makes 138
horsepower and it is actually
surprisingly fun to drive when we took
this car to the drag strip it got to 0
to 60 time of 8.5 seconds and we had fun
doing it
around the skid pad it got point 8g
which is good for a front drive small
compact car and it went through the
slalom at almost 42 miles an hour so
it's not a great performer it's not like
one series or something several classes
up but it is a fun car to drive it's
nimble it shifts well if you look at the
styling you might say it's kind of
forgettable maybe bland but you know
consider the class this class doesn't
want super swoopy styling it's not
supercar stuff they want something
that's just utilitarian and maybe a
little bit anonymous and that's what you
get here but the edges are rounded or
done nicely it's sort of taught in a
compact economical car way this
particular model has fabric seats and
then there's this mesh inlay on the dash
which actually you could say it looks
like a Fisker tell all your friends it
looks just like the Fisker - plenty of
room in the backseat to watch I got
Headroom
I got shoulder room I got legroom knee
room everything let me pop the trunk
we'll have a quick look
it's got a deep well in there and lots
of room the seats fold down 60/40 in the
back so that's the new Chevy Cruze eco
it's a good car and it's a car that you
can recommend and by yourself no longer
do you have to buy it because you feel
guilty that you must buy American you
can buy it because it's a good car for
Auto week this is Marc Vaughn saying
enjoy the drive catch all the latest
auto enthusiasts come in all these
magazine and ibeda ditch talk with us on
Facebook YouTube and Twitter at Auto
week USA